# Sohel-Rana
Plan Game Projects  After receiving the game’s specifications and feature requests, game developers plan its storyline, characters, environment, activities, scoring, and progression. They break the project down into smaller parts for the team to handle, create schedules with estimated timelines, set milestones, and create prototypes.  Design Games  Often coordinating with dedicated visual designers, game developers use computer applications to make 2D and 3D models of game assets, including scenery and characters. They also create graphics for game art and maps. This includes animating the characters and designing any virtual reality environments used.  Write Code  Using programming languages suitable for the game’s target platform, game developers write the code that implements the game’s logic and allows the player to interact with the game world and its characters. This often involves having responsibility for specific parts of the code or game features and working with other developers to make the final product.  Test and Debug Games  Testing and debugging occur during the development process and after the game ships to players. Game developers use their eye for detail and automated testing tools to check for broken features and functionality, inspect their code for errors as they write it, and handle requests to fix performance and reliability issues.  Maintain Game Projects  After production, game developers continue to handle new feature requests and make improvements to the game. This can include producing add-ons and game packs, making updates that introduce new levels and characters, and adding online gameplay functionality.   
